Hey, Highlands family.
First, I wanna say that Jill and I love you with all of our hearts, and it is such an honor to be part of all that God is doing through our church.
Today, I'm in Daphne, Alabama, and it's a really special day as we are worshiping together and dedicating the land for our new Daphne campus.
This land will soon be the home of our permanent location here on the Eastern Shore, a place where people will experience God's presence, find community, and discover purpose for generations to come.
The past nine weeks of the goodness of God series has been such a powerful season for our church.
God is moving in every location.
Lives are being changed and we're experiencing his grace, his mercy, and his goodness in a fresh way.
And starting next week at the movies is back.
It's one of the best opportunities all year to invite someone who may be far from God to join you on a Sunday.
And believe it or not,
There are only 52 days left in 2025.
And this next stretch of the year is going to be jam-packed with opportunities for us as a church to make a difference here at Highlands.
We call it legacy season.
You know, legacy isn't just about what we build next.
It's about caring forward a heritage of generosity and faith, the very same values that have defined our church from the beginning.
It's a season where we ask God to use us
to make an eternal difference in the lives of others.
As I've been praying about leading us into this season as a church, I have been so challenged and inspired by the words of Jesus in Matthew 25 when he says, whatever you did, one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.
That is what legacy is all about, serving, living, and giving in a way that honors God and impacts people for eternity.
Everything we do in this season is all
for Jesus.
Today to help us kick off legacy season, I have asked our founding pastor, PC, to share a message on God's heart for generosity.
So let's lean in, take notes, and allow the Holy Spirit to speak to us today in a fresh way.
Church at every location, please stand to your feet and help me honor and welcome our founding pastor, PC.
Come on, give Jesus all the praise, everybody.
Oh, that's not good enough.
Come on, give him what he deserves, everybody.
You may be seated, everyone.
God bless you guys.
Thank you so much for that.
It's so kind.
It's good to be home.
How's everybody doing?
I know I'm doing so well.
Let me take a moment, look straight into the camera and say hello to all of our campuses.
We are one church that meets in 26 locations across the great state of Alabama and into Georgia.
And of course, we are bringing this message and then all we are as a church
into all 28 of Alabama's Department of Corrections facilities.
And yes, and you want to clap right there?
Go ahead.
All that shit.
That's fine.
And then, of course, we're streaming this live and others can watch it later on demand.
And we're so glad that you guys are along for the ride.
And I'm so delighted that Pastor Mark asked me to share today.
And I want to kick it off by letting you know what's happening in the upcoming seasons.
I always like to do this when I speak and just tell you where we're headed as a church.
And of course, you've already heard this in the highless news that we're doing a series over the next three Sundays called out the movies.
And if that's new to you, what this is all about is we're just simply doing what Jesus did.
And that is that he, in order to communicate the gospel, he took modern day stories.
So in his case, it was stories about sheep and goats and farming and fig trees and things like that.
And he used those metaphors to teach spiritual truth.
And they were called parables, so they were made up stories
to help people understand some things that were sometimes spiritually difficult for them to understand.
So we do the same thing.
We take modern day parables.
There are movies that have redemption built into the story and Pastor Marco preached between the clips and it's one of the best ways for you to actually let a friend that may be far from God or doesn't understand spiritual things to hear the gospel in a way they do understand.
So don't miss the opportunity because most of the Sundays
You know, we're diving into the scriptures.
We just came out of a great series where we're studying God's word very, very deeply.
But everyone's probably throwing some Sundays that are all for people that are far from God.
So make sure that you have in one of these three installments, somebody who is far from God next to you.
And trust me, it's one of the greatest experiences of your life.
to have them sitting there, because you're gonna be nervous, and you're gonna hope they hear it, and then when they respond, and tears are coming down their face, you're gonna say it was one of the greatest services you've ever been in, because you played a role in somebody finding Jesus.
Can I hear a good amen everybody, all right?
Okay, one more thought about this, and that is, it is in person only.
So we're not streaming this online, sorry, online congregation, because of copyright laws, we aren't able to stream those.
online, so you'll still get a service and a message, but if you want to see it, you need to show up in person.
Next, we head into Christmas at Highlands.
I know.
If you know anything about this, I think we put on something that is just so God honoring, so spiritual, so meaningful, of course, with great music, orchestras, the whole deal.
And we just want you to plan on showing up.
We're going to do a boatload of services that will begin on December 20th, all the way into Christmas Eve.
And then one of the questions that we get on this is when can we get our priority seating reservations?
If this matters to you and you know who you are, okay, that is on Friday, December 5th.
So right that date down, that's when it goes live on our app.
So you wanna make sure you have the app.
And then as Pastor Mark says, we're in this season called Legacy and it'll culminate on this Sunday, December 14th, where we only have one offering like this a year.
where we all give above our normal giving, and this is an offering that we're going to give away to make a difference, to help accelerate the vision of our house, but also do some pretty cool things in our communities and around the world that we would want you to be a part of.
To do that, I want to bring a message based off of the season that Pastor Mark has us in, and I want to start off teaching you something
that I've taught before.
So if you've been here at least four years or more, you may have already heard at least the first part of this message, the rest of it's brand new.
I've never taught it, but I'm gonna share with you today.
But I wanna start it off by telling you that part of our job as a church and as pastors is to prepare you not just for life on earth, which a lot of it is, right?
We talk about how to have happy marriages and contentment and better attitudes and all of that.
But part of our job is to get you ready for eternity.
Like you're gonna have this moment
where you're going to stand before God.
And if you don't even believe that's going to happen, that doesn't change the fact that you're going to stand before God.
It's going to happen, right?
You're going to have this moment where there is, right?
It's the judgment seat of God.
You're going to have this moment.
And I want to prepare you for that test.
And the best way to be prepared for a test is to know what's on the test.
You know, y'all do know that I was a student at LSU.
God help us.
Yeah, thank you.
Stop.
That's not even nice.
All right.
By the way, I had this beautiful purple jacket I was going to wear, but it didn't turn out.
Anyway, and the only crimson I own is in that little stripe right there, everybody.
Like, that's all you get.
That's all you get.
So I don't want to hear it.
I just don't want to hear it.
But I was a student, and I always thought I was so prepared for every test.
I mean, literally, I thought, man, I'm going to ace this.
I got this.
D. You know what happened every time?
Like, what the world?
And especially multiple choice.
Because they all look good.
Come on, people, where y'all at, right?
I mean, hey, you looking fine and be?
You look good too.
You know, it's like they all look good to me.
And so I just, I don't know.
I always thought I was doing well.
Somebody told me that professors put their old tests on files so that you can study how they test.
And in some cases, they may even use some of the same questions in previous tests, on these current tests.
And once I heard that, so I bought all the tests of every professor I had, every class I had,
And I not only studied the material, but I studied for the test because I knew it was going to be on the test.
Y'all, I finished up that last semester and a half with a 4.0, everybody.
Problem was, I already had a 1.2, so it only brought it up a little bit.
But anyway, all right.
Well, you're going to be tested.
In fact, it says it in Romans 14, for we all, it's going to happen every single one of us, are going to stand before God's judgment seat.
And the Bible says it is written, as surely as I live, says the Lord, every knee will bow before me.
Now that means that every person, whether they were Christians or not, believed in God or not, it's gonna be an awesome scene.
Because I mean, even the people who've maybe believed in another God, or didn't believe anything at all, they're gonna go, oh my goodness, he really is God.
In fact, it goes on and says this, every tongue will acknowledge him as God.
And by the way, you wanna be on the right side of that equation when it happens.
So then each of us will give an account of ourselves for God.
So when I help you with what's on the test and what people don't realize, it's not just one moment, there's actually two.
And the first question that you're gonna hear, and it's gonna happen individually, you're gonna get your personal day in court before God.
I don't know exactly how it's gonna happen, but the content is undeniable.
There'll be some like, I mean, Chris, I'll just please, and then I'm there, hey, ooh, there you are.
Right, and a question is gonna be something along the lines of what did you do with my son, Jesus?
I sent him to earth to pay for your sins.
What did you do with that?
Well, how did you respond to that offer for your sins that he paid for through him?
And this judgment's called the great white throne judgment.
It's the everybody judgment from Adam to when it all ends.
In fact, I'll show it to you in Revelation 20.
John says, I saw a great white throne in him, Jesus, who was seated on it.
And the earth and the heavens fled from his presence and there was no more place for them.
That's a fancy Bible way to say time ended.
Now we're outside of time, we're all in eternity.
And I'll solve a dead, great and small.
So that means everybody who would have ever lived standing before the throne.
And then notice the language and books.
Notice it's plural, we're opened.
And then another book, notice that it's singular, was open, which is the book of life.
Which means there's gonna be a pile of books and then a single book when you get there.
And then the judge, Jesus is gonna basically ask you,
Which one, you want the book, so you want the book.
Now you would need to know that the book is called The Lamb's Book of Life, and in that book are only names.
So the moment you pray to receive Jesus as your Lord, your name gets recorded in that book.
No deeds, because you cannot get to heaven based on your deeds.
We are saved by grace through faith, belief in him, not by works, lest any person should boast.
It's all about Jesus, right?
So just names, but over here are all the deeds.
Yeah, everything you ever did, good or bad, everything you thought, all your motives.
Everybody say, uh-oh.
Yeah, it's all in there.
It's all in there.
The things only you know are all of it's in there.
And the Bible says that the people who don't go to heaven were judged according to what they had done in the books.
Not the book.
Now, this is a no-brainer.
You don't want to be judged in the books.
You want the book.
Okay, so the question then begs, how do you make sure when you're there, you really get judged out of this, not that.
And this is important because there are some, there's gonna be some wrong answers.
According to Jesus, there's gonna be some wrong answers.
In fact, I'll show it to you in Matthew seven.
He says, not everyone who says to me, Lord, Lord is gonna enter the kingdom of heaven.
So there's gonna be some people who say, hey, I called you Lord.
And they go, and that's a good thing, but that's not what I was looking for.
He says, in fact, only he who does the will of my father who is in heaven
And then he named some spiritual acting things.
So he mentions prophecy, driving out devils and doing miracles.
And so you could add anything to that list.
Like I read my Bible, I sang the songs.
I attended church of the highlands.
All good things to do, not what he's looking for.
You can do all these Christian deeds, but he wasn't looking for deeds.
He says, I will tell them play in the away from me because I never, I never knew you.
I wasn't looking for your religion.
I was looking for relationship.
And I taught an entire message on that verse.
at Easter this year, if you want to go back and watch it, but that's not what today's all about.
But I would like for you to know, if you want to pass the test, and this is my job, our job is to help you pass this test.
The right answer needs to be something along the lines of I was in relationship with God.
I'd committed my life to Jesus.
It wasn't perfect, but it was committed.
I was surrendered to his lordship, and I loved him with all of my heart.
And if you answer that question correctly, he invites you into heaven.
That's how you, that is heaven.
You're, you have passed.
The first test.
Now, if you don't get the test right, you never hear the second question.
The second question is just for those who passed the first test.
And the question's gonna be something along the lines of what did you do now with what I gave you while you were on earth?
And what he's looking for here is how did you leverage your life to help other people pass that first test?
What did you do with your life?
Because once you find your whole life's about finding Jesus.
But then once you find Jesus, your whole life's about getting more people into heaven.
Because our life on earth is so short, right?
And this judgment is called the judgment seat of Christ.
It's a different judgment.
And by the way, check it out.
It is a works judgment, which will help you read your Bible a little bit better because there are works in the Bible.
And then there's verses that say, you know, it's not by works.
So which one is it?
It's both.
But you can get into heaven only by what Jesus did on the cross, only Jesus on the cross.
That's how you get into heaven, your relationship to him.
But there is a works judgment.
And judgment's probably the wrong word.
Because it's not like gavel judge, like you're guilty, you know?
And it's more like Olympic competition judge.
So it's more like an award ceremony.
And so even if you didn't run the fastest and somebody else got the gold medal, you're still going there.
Oh, they were fast.
That's good, good, good for you.
Everybody's gonna be happy at this one, all right?
And it's described in 2 Corinthians 5 when it says, we're all Christians are gonna appear
before the judgment seat of Christ, that each one may receive what has do him for the things done.
So that's how we know this is not the heaven and hell judgment, because you can't get there by what you did, but there's still going to be a conversation about your deeds, whether in the body, whether good or bad.
So in other words, you're going to be rewarded or awarded for how you lived your life on earth and what you do to leverage
what you have to get more people into heaven.
And Jesus is very focused on this with his, with his church.
So, so it's matters to him a lot.
In fact, he's very excited about this award ceremony that there's going to be this moment.
In fact, I'll show you and it's, it bothers all throughout the gospels.
He talked about this more than anybody else in the entire Bible.
This is just one place where he says, the son of man speaking of himself is going to come in his father's glory with his angels and then
He will reward.
This is the word apodetimae in the Greek.
It's going to blow your mind.
The word literally means he wants to pay you back.
And I think it's going to be one of those embarrassing parts of eternity.
He's going to be like, here, I've got something for you.
To which we're all going to go, you don't owe me anything.
Like the cross was enough.
Can I hear a better amen out there?
I mean, you don't owe me anything.
My goodness, Jesus, no, to which he's gonna say too bad this is my show.
I knew what I want to.
I'm God, okay?
And I'm gonna reward you.
I've got a reward for you.
I wanna pay you back for how you lived your life.
In fact, he's so excited about this that the last verse of the Bible says this, and behold, I am coming quickly and I'm so excited to reward you.
I'm bringing them with me.
Like, I wanna do this for you.
And I wanna make sure you're ready for that one as well.
It's like, I wanna make sure you're gonna pass that one.
And the answer needs to be something along the lines like this.
And that is, I took what you gave me, and I'm not talking about your money, by the way.
Money's on the list, but I'm not talking about your money.
I'm talking about whatever you have.
If you have ideas, if you have joy, if you have a good marriage, whatever you have, you are supposed to take what you have and help other people.
and to do it for eternal purposes, to make an eternal difference.
Like I, literally, I think I have more joy than I need for myself.
And I'm supposed to bring that around to people.
I'm supposed to, like, you wanna, in fact, you want a little joy?
How many would y'all, y'all, would you like to hear a Bujo joke?
Yes or no?
Yeah, everybody, would you?
Okay.
Haven't done this in a long time, speaking of tests.
So as the story goes, Bujo and Thibodeau were both trying to get the same job, but there was only one place
one position available, so they both took the exact same test, trying to get this one job.
And so after they took the test, the examiner scored the test, and they came out and said, hey, Boudreau, Thibodeau, you both got the exact number of questions right, and the exact number of questions wrong, so we're gonna give the job to Thibodeau.
And Boudreau said, well, man, that don't seem so fair.
It's the Boudreau.
On question number 17, Thibodeau put, I don't know.
And on question number 17, you put me neither.
That's funny, I don't care what y'all say, that's hilarious, right?
We're supposed to take what we have, joy, whatever you have, your resource, whatever you have, and leverage it for eternal purposes.
So recently, I was in Oklahoma City with our dear friend, David Green, the founder of Hobby Lobby.
And about his request, he wanted me to come and share it with the family.
What we were doing with Highlands College, they've already been incredibly generous to our school and they want to hear all about it.
And I'm happy to report they have committed to another gift.
Can we just thank God for that precious, precious family?
And the man gets it.
I mean, the man gets it.
They give half of their gross profits to ministries.
They give literally billions of dollars
to further the gospel every year.
It's just amazing.
And so all over, all he talks about is eternity and making a difference and leveraging things like, he said, Chris, God anointed me just as much as he anointed you to be a merchant to make money, but not so that I would have it so that I could put it into the kingdom where he just gets it.
And then over during my tour, he had this one place where he had a beautiful doorway and over the top it had this poem, only one life will soon be passed, only what's done for Christ will last.
He said, Chris, that is my life verse.
That is my life thought.
Trying to live my life, trying to take this short life and do as much as I can for it for the cause of Christ.
And so I took a picture of it and I thought I'd share it with you today.
But then I went and looked it up because I didn't know who said it.
And when I looked it up, there's more to it.
I won't read it all.
You can go look it up yourself.
But it goes like this, two little lines I heard one day traveling along life's busy way.
Bringing conviction to my heart and from my mind would not depart.
Only one life will soon be passed.
Only what's done for Christ will last.
Only one life, yes, only one.
Soon will its fleeting hours be done.
Please never forget that.
I don't care how old or young you are, we are all a mist of vapor.
This life is just a blip on the screen compared to eternity.
Then in that day, and this is the day I've been describing, my Lord to meet and stand before His judgment seat,
Only one life will soon be passed, only what's done for Christ will last.
And then in the last stanza, he adds this thought, and when I'm dying, how happy I'll be, if the lamp of my life has been burned out for thee.
This is... And so how do I start our legacy, seizing, reminding us to live with this eternal perspective?
to take our lives, whatever we have, and leverage it for kingdom purposes.
But I wanna do something today that I've never done really at the encouragement of our pastor, Pastor Mark, because he said it's into this theme he calls all for Jesus and he's based around Matthew 25, so I actually went and studied it.
At this point, normally what I would do is I would make a case about projects and while they matter, that's how my brain thinks.
I'm kinda more task oriented and kinda business-like with some things.
And Pastor Mark kept saying, all for Jesus, just all for Jesus.
And what he's doing, he's making it more personal.
And that's what Matthew 25 is all about.
And I've actually never taught what I'm getting ready to teach you, and I'm so excited to do it.
That in Matthew 25, when the Son of Man comes, and this is that scene again, that Jesus is describing in his glory, and all the angels are there, he's gonna sit on that glorious throne, and all the nations, every single person, are gonna be gathered together before him, and he will separate people
One from another as shepherds separates the sheep from the goats, and he will put the sheep on his right and the goats on his left.
And then the king will say to those on his right, come you who are blessed by my father.
And then here's that apoditomai.
Here's that pay you back part.
I've got an inheritance for you.
The kingdom prepared for you since the creation of the world.
And then he defines
What did it?
Like what impressed him with how we lived our lives.
And watch what he says.
It's very interesting.
For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat.
And I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink.
And I was a stranger.
Notice that's an interesting, like even the person who's lost, you invited him.
You said, hey, come check out, come see.
There were those who needed clothes and you closed me.
I was sick and you looked after me.
I was in prison.
And you came to visit me and the righteous are gonna reply.
Now Lord, we saw people in that condition, but we never saw you hungry and feed you or thirsty and give you something to drink.
We never saw you as a stranger.
We didn't bite you in.
We didn't see you needing clothes and clothes.
When did we see you sicker in prison and go visit you?
And then here's the theme of our season.
The King Jesus will reply, truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine,
I know you thought you were doing it for them, but you were exactly doing it for me.
It touched me.
And you think, well, then that's works, Pastor Chris.
And Jesus is not saying that we're saved because of our works.
He's saying that our works reveal that we're saved.
In fact, let me say it this way.
The sheep aren't cheap because they fed the hungry.
They fed the hungry because they're sheep.
In other words, that's what sheep do.
And the goats weren't goats because they neglected people.
The goats were goats because it revealed their neglect and the fact that they didn't care for people, right?
And that's what the legacy season and offering is all about.
It's not just the projects and it's probably where I would have just gone.
But really what it's all about is about loving the things that Jesus loves and doing it first for him and the people who get the receipt on the receiving end just happen to be the recipients of us trying to express our deep love for our God.
I found this quote.
I thought it was so cool.
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving.
And let me add on top of that, that the best way to love someone is to love the things that they love.
You really want to love someone?
Find out what they care about.
My wife is an expert at that.
Ms. Tammy's in the room today, by the way, everybody.
She's still as beautiful as ever.
And she knows I love golf.
And that precious woman doesn't play golf, but she knows about all the players, she knows all the rules.
She'll ask me, oh, Chris, is that Bay Hill, or, oh, is what, and she knows the courses, and she doesn't care about any of that.
She loves the person she loves.
She's trying to love the things that the person she loves loves.
And so it's just precious, I think it's so cute.
I tell her, you don't care about this.
She goes, oh yeah, but tell me about it.
Did he make a bogey?
You know, she wants to know.
Well, conversely, last night, while I was not enjoying the football game last night, that was two.
That just shows how much I love y'all, but that's all you're getting.
Okay, so.
But last night, I'm watching this game and I look over and she's on her phone looking at purses.
The people purses just do one thing, they carry your stuff.
That's it.
What they cost, what's on them.
That doesn't matter.
Oh, but it does to her.
And she's over there.
Oh, she's there.
And she leaned over and she goes, oh, look at this one.
And y'all, I could care less about purses.
But I leaned over and said, oh, show me another.
I mean, like, yo, I did not want to see another one.
But I love her.
And if I'm going to love her, I've got to love what she loves.
Are y'all following me, everybody?
Okay, if you say you love God, then you need to love what he loves.
So let's look at it again, what he loves.
He loves the hungry, the thirsty and the stranger.
Now I do know, and I'm not trying to put this out of context, I do know that that means physical hunger, physical thirst.
But when it had the word stranger on the same list that got invited in, it made me think about spiritual hunger and spiritual thirst and inviting them in.
It made me think, and I'm not gonna neglect the fact that there were hungry people.
I'll talk about that in a second, but I thought about the spiritually hungry.
The spiritual, like, and they're hungry right now.
And that Jesus loves the lost.
Like he really does.
So much so that he defines his entire life mission in Luke 19 as, that's what I came to do, was to both seek after them
And to say them.
And by the way, the verse 10 is the end of a 10 verse story about Zacchaeus, who was a wee little man and a wee little man was he.
Come on, Baptist, where y'all at?
Okay.
And the story begins with, check this out now, that the religious folks muttered, I love that word.
I don't know why I love that word, but I love that word.
They muttered at Jesus.
They were like, Jesus, for going to lunch with a sinner.
And they were saying, he is not.
And by the way, there's a whole group of religious out there who mutter, they mutter at us.
Because we have series like at the movies.
They're not deep.
Look at what they're doing.
Yeah, but we don't care because Jesus loves the loss.
And if Jesus loves the loss, we gonna love the loss too.
And we're gonna figure out ways to reach them.
Are y'all following me everybody?
Right.
This was his mission.
In fact, in Luke 15,
which by the way has three parables in it about lost sheep, lost coin, lost son.
It says, suppose one of you has 100 sheep that Jesus is willing to leave 99 of us that know him to go find just one that doesn't know him.
That's not even good business.
If you're a business person, you have 99 of anything, you cut your losses.
Not our God.
He will leave the 99 just for that single one.
That's how much he loves the lost.
In fact, the Bible says that when just one gets saved, all of heaven throws a party.
The one we love loves the lost.
And the lost have never been hungrier.
For the first time in 50 years, the data, not my feeling, data is telling us that church attendance is on the rise, college revivals are on the rise.
Do you know that the leading demographic of people in church today, in church,
was the demographic that five years ago that the prognosticators thought would be the first atheist generation.
Y'all, the leading demographic in church today in America are Gen Z males, men, or coming back to church.
And they're hungry for the Bible, that Bible sales are up 41% this year.
Oh yeah.
For the first time in 50 years, we're seeing real revival.
Let me let you think about it this way.
All that God has done through us together to him be all the glory was done without revival.
But guys, we're getting ready to be able to do it in revival.
And that's why that's why we start campuses.
That's why we build buildings.
I mean, there's all when you give, you give to things like, well, this is already done.
You can't give to this because I'm just celebrating it with you that we built two campuses this year, buildings completely debt free.
That constructions underway right now in Daphne were Pastor Marcus in Oxford, and we're building a Montgomery Dream Center this year, that you need to know this, that you just purchased land in the beautiful city of Columbus, Georgia, and that doesn't excite you, but all of Columbus is shouting right now, all right?
Then in 2026, we're gonna have another campus launch in the great city of Prattville.
Why are we doing this?
Because the legacy offering is all about feeding the spiritually hungry, and every dollar
puts spiritual food on the table of the world.
And this is just a drop in the bucket of what we're gonna be able to do with this.
So, if Jesus loves the loss, then so will I.
Why?
Oh, for Jesus.
In fact, I'm gonna read this again.
I'll read this part and you guys out loud, every campus, say the last three words.
If Jesus loves the loss, so will we.
I need it closed.
Now we're getting to the poor.
Because we don't just offer salvation.
We offer people's practical needs.
Why?
Because Jesus loves the poor.
You know that.
In fact, the Bible is really strong here.
Dozens and dozens of verses in the Old Testament.
Dozens and dozens of verses in the New Testament.
Let me just show you a couple.
If anyone has material possession, and that's all of us.
And sees a brother or sister in need, but has no pity on them.
then you don't love what God loves.
And the love of God cannot actually be in you.
And it goes on to say in Proverbs that when you are kind to the poor, it's all for Jesus.
You lend it to the Lord.
And evil, there's that apodetomy.
He wants us, he wants to pay you back.
And that's why as a church, you just need to know this.
We're already focused on Thanksgiving and Christmas outreaches.
We're gonna touch tons of people.
And then we had this flagship event called Giving Hope, which is on a Saturday where we have these toys and we find people in need.
And they come and shop for age-specific toys.
We wrap them, we load their car.
They can get as much stuff as they need.
We just load them up with toys.
And we don't give the toys to the kids.
We let the parents give the toys to the kids because we want to restore dignity to the poor and let them be the hero in that story, everybody.
Rub them down, rub them down.
I mean, that's awesome, right?
And that's why we have a clinic that every day helps to pour.
Christ Health Center, I'm happy to pour it.
This year is going to exceed the number of patients it has ever seen in a single year.
Over 20,500 patients.
Come on, everybody, right?
And I think it's so hilarious because the government's fighting right now about how to do all this stuff.
Check it out.
They were never knowing it to do it.
It was always supposed to be the people of God.
I mean, I hope they figure it out.
Come on, everybody.
And when we give in the legacy offering, we give, we're literally clothing Jesus himself.
And so if Jesus loves the poor, so will we.
Come on, say it out loud again.
Last one.
He says, I was sick.
And then I was in prison, which means this represents the addicted, the brokenhearted.
It represents shame.
Places where people are broken, right?
And by the way, Jesus never runs from the broken.
He runs to them.
Because Jesus loves.
He loves the broken.
And that's why there's verses like this.
Continue to remember those in prison.
Look how it says it.
Like if you were in there yourself,
And those who are mistreated as if you were the one experiencing the addiction or the hurt or the pain.
And that's why we have small groups that walk people through freedom.
That's why we have a correctional ministry.
That's why we give generously to our partners.
And some of them, we're gonna surprise them with very generous gifts on your behalf this season so they can further the work they do to the most broken people in the world.
And I'm happy to report you guys that you know this.
We have ministry.
in the correctional facilities in all 28 of Alabama's department of corrections.
And we are now, have been invited by the state of Georgia to do the same thing there, everybody.
Come on.
So if Jesus loves the broken, then so will we say it again.
So what do we do with all this?
Let me tell you what you do about it.
You're gonna do the same thing we've been doing for 25 years.
And that is we're not taking that offering.
We teach you this stuff five weeks out so that we don't have you all hyped up, manipulated.
No, no, no, you get to go home for five weeks and plan, prepare, talk to your spouse if you have one, make your own decision.
Each man should give what he's decided and it's hard to give.
Not under compulsion, not being greedy either.
No, for God loves a cheerful giver.
We teach you how not to hear from us, but how to hear from God.
And so I'm going to say the same thing that we've been saying for 25 years.
Ask God.
We're not going to ask you.
We're asking you to ask God.
Lord, what would you have me do?
And there's just nothing more fun.
I can't even think of anything that I would want more for you right now.
Well, having a lost person next to you in church is just exhilarating.
But when you're out there and you say, Lord, am I supposed to?
And then whatever it is, you're at a restaurant, I don't know.
You go, Lord?
And he goes, yes, do it.
And then you, you bless them.
And they go, why?
Why would you do that?
And you say, because it's all for Jesus, I was, I'm on assignment.
by my Creator, an ambassador lets you know you matter to God.
And tears come down their face.
And then you walk out going, who else, Lord?
You know what I'm saying?
Like, oh Lord, yeah.
Because you're hearing from God.
Church, I want you to hear from God.
I want you to ask, how am I asking you to do it?
And I need you to do it.
Between now and December 14th, Lord, what should I do?
And everything we do, every person we reach, every gift we give is all for Jesus.
Let's bow for prayer.
It's a father, thank you.
Thank you for this exciting season when we get to lead people to Jesus.
Have these outreaches, Christmas, Lord, the time to celebrate your birth.
And God welcome all these new people into our auditoriums.
And God for us to do something on the 14th that's gonna echo through eternity.
And Lord, we do it because we love you so much.
And so God, I'm asking that you literally speak to every person who calls Highlands home.
Now with every head bowed and every eye closed.
If you're here today and you say, man, I'm not even close to him.
And I so want to be close to him.
Did you know that you can actually, with one heartfelt prayer, have all of your sins forgiven removed from his memory and he gives you a fresh start?
And honestly, I think this season is really all about that, that we're gonna get close to the Lord and we're gonna know him personally and love him and commit our lives to him.
And maybe if you've done that before and you just somehow, you ended up away from God, I'm asking you to come back.
Or maybe you've never made that decision.
It's always been religion for you and you're ready for a relationship.
Then right there we are whisper these words.
Say, Jesus, I wanna know you.
I wanna be in relationship with you.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Come into my life.
Be the Lord of my life because I believe you are the Son of God who died and rose again.
And today I put my faith in you.
your name I pray.
Amen.
Now how about a hand clap for everybody who just prayed that prayer?